docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

When contributing to the development of GNOME Settings, please first discuss the change you wish to
make via issue, email, or any other method with the maintainers before making a change.

Please note we have a Code of Conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Pull Request Process

1. Ensure your code compiles and doesn't break anything. Run `meson test -C <builddir>` before creating
   the pull request.
2. If you're adding new API, it must be properly documented.
3. The commit message is formatted as follows:
   ```
   component: <summary>
   ‌
   A paragraph explaining the problem and its context.
‌
   Another one explaining how you solved that.
‌
   <link to the issue>
   ```
4. You may merge the pull request in once you have the sign-off of the maintainers, or if you
   do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

## Code of Conduct

GNOME Settings is a project developed based on GNOME Code of Conduct. You can read it below:

### Summary

GNOME creates software for a better world. We achieve this by behaving well towards
each other.

Therefore this document suggests what we consider ideal behaviour, so you know what
to expect when getting involved in GNOME. This is who we are and what we want to be.
There is no official enforcement of these principles, and this should not be interpreted
like a legal document.

### Advice

 * **Be respectful and considerate**: Disagreement is no excuse for poor behaviour or personal
     attacks. Remember that a community where people feel uncomfortable is not a productive one.

 * **Be patient and generous**: If someone asks for help it is because they need it. Do politely
     suggest specific documentation or more appropriate venues where appropriate, but avoid
     aggressive or vague responses such as "RTFM".

 * **Assume people mean well**: Remember that decisions are often a difficult choice between
     competing priorities. If you disagree, please do so politely. If something seems outrageous,
     check that you did not misinterpret it. Ask for clarification, but do not assume the worst.

 * **Try to be concise**: Avoid repeating what has been said already. Making a conversation larger
     makes it difficult to follow, and people often feel personally attacked if they receive multiple
     messages telling them the same thing.


In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience,
nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and
orientation.

### Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage], version 1.4,
available at [http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4][version]

[homepage]: http://contributor-covenant.org
[version]: http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/

Commit message:

project: Document maintainers and workflow
It is important that potential contributors know who
they should get in touch, who is supposed to review
their work, and maintainers to know how they should
introduce changes.

Thus, this commit documents the current maintainers
together with what they maintain, and the workflow
between maintainers as well.

[skip ci]

docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

When contributing to the development of GNOME Settings, please first discuss the change you wish to
make via issue, email, or any other method with the maintainers before making a change.

Please note we have a Code of Conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Pull Request Process

1. Create a fork in GitLab and push your work to there
2. Open a Merge Request
  1. Always allow maintainer edits
  2. Mark the Merge Request as WIP if your work is not ready to be reviewed
3. Assign the correct maintainer to the Merge Request (see [`MAINTAINERS.md`][maintainers] to select
   the correct maintainer)
4. Format commit messages as follows:
   ```
   component: <summary>
   ‌
   A paragraph explaining the problem and its context.
‌
   Another one explaining how you solved that.
‌
   <link to the issue>
   ```
4. You may merge the pull request in once you have the sign-off of the maintainers, or if you
   do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

## Code of Conduct

GNOME Settings is a project developed based on GNOME Code of Conduct. You can read it below:

### Summary

GNOME creates software for a better world. We achieve this by behaving well towards
each other.

Therefore this document suggests what we consider ideal behaviour, so you know what
to expect when getting involved in GNOME. This is who we are and what we want to be.
There is no official enforcement of these principles, and this should not be interpreted
like a legal document.

### Advice

 * **Be respectful and considerate**: Disagreement is no excuse for poor behaviour or personal
     attacks. Remember that a community where people feel uncomfortable is not a productive one.

 * **Be patient and generous**: If someone asks for help it is because they need it. Do politely
     suggest specific documentation or more appropriate venues where appropriate, but avoid
     aggressive or vague responses such as "RTFM".

 * **Assume people mean well**: Remember that decisions are often a difficult choice between
     competing priorities. If you disagree, please do so politely. If something seems outrageous,
     check that you did not misinterpret it. Ask for clarification, but do not assume the worst.

 * **Try to be concise**: Avoid repeating what has been said already. Making a conversation larger
     makes it difficult to follow, and people often feel personally attacked if they receive multiple
     messages telling them the same thing.


In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience,
nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and
orientation.

### Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage], version 1.4,
available at [http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4][version]

[homepage]: http://contributor-covenant.org
[version]: http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/
[maintainers]: https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gnome-control-center/blob/master/docs/MAINTAINERS.md
